Fix locale related bugs (#251)
godaddy/gasket: docs/upgrade-to-6.md

+ export default withLocaleRequired('/locales', { initialProps: true })(Component);
```

### eslintConfig Update

> You will need to add a new `settings` object to the `eslintConfig` property in your `package.json`, which will need to have the `localeFiles` attribute set to an array containing the path to your `en-US.json` locale file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to add a new `settings` object to your eslint config file or `eslintConfig` property in your `package.json`. The settings will need to have a `localeFiles` attribute set to an array containing the path to your primary locale file:
```
